A goitre or goiter -LRB- Latin gutteria , struma -RRB- , is a swelling in the thyroid gland , which can lead to a swelling of the neck or larynx -LRB- voice box -RRB- .
The structure is known as the middle ear , and is made up of the incus , stapes , malleus , and tympanic membrane .
It is also used to treat symptoms of traumatic brain injury -LRB- TBI -RRB- and the daytime drowsiness symptoms of narcolepsy , postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome -LRB- POTS -RRB- and chronic fatigue syndrome -LRB- CFS -RRB- .
Tarama is salted and cured cod roe used to make taramosalata , a meze consisting of tarama mixed with lemon juice , bread crumbs , onions , and olive oil ; it is eaten as a dip .
His Mozart recordings inspired Flanders and Swann 's Ill Wind and his classical playing inspired future generations of horn players .
Hyperthyroidism is thus a cause of thyrotoxicosis , the clinical condition of increased thyroid hormones in the blood . It is important to note that hyperthyroidism and thyrotoxicosis are not synonymous .
Birmingham attacked strongly in the next ten minutes . In the 75th minute Trautmann , diving at an incoming ball , was knocked out in a collision with Birmingham 's Peter Murphy in which he was hit in the neck by Murphy 's right knee .
Nausea -LRB- Latin nausea , from Greek , nausiÄ `` , `` motion sickness '' , or `` wamble '' -RRB- , is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit .
It has 3 main components ; cells , fibers , and extracellular matrix .
Agranulocytosis , also known as Agranulosis or Granulopenia , is an acute condition involving a severe and dangerous leukopenia -LRB- lowered white blood cell count -RRB- , most commonly of neutrophils , causing a neutropenia in the circulating blood .
Thus pain and pleasure act as checks on each other : `` To gain a desired prey , a dog or wolf will do things that , in other contexts , they would shy away from : run through thorn bushes , jump into cold water and expose themselves to risks which would normally frighten them .
He described the white stripe as representing the glaciers and ice cap , which cover more than 80 % of the island ; the red stripe , the ocean ; the red semicircle , the sun , with its bottom part sunk in the ocean ; and the white semicircle , the icebergs and pack ice .
Oscar Fredrick Dronjak -LRB- born January 20 , 1972 -RRB- is the lead and rhythm guitarist and founder of the Heavy Metal band HammerFall .
For the best-fit `` snowman '' model , the density is found to be 1.8 Â 0.2 g\/cm Â , giving a porosity of the order of 20 % , and possibly indicating that the main components are fractured solid bodies , but that the asteroid is rather not a rubble pile .
Block ciphers operate on large blocks of digits with a fixed , unvarying transformation .
Males of the subspecies caudatus have a mostly blue tail and no blue throat patch while males of the subspecies margarethae have green tips to the tail-feathers .
Often an oil such as linseed was boiled with a resin such as pine resin or even frankincense ; these were called ` varnishes ' and were prized for their body and gloss . Other oils occasionally used include poppyseed oil , walnut oil , and safflower oil .
In those treated for diabetes a diagnosis of hypoglycemia can be made based on the presence of a low blood sugar alone . Otherwise Whipple 's triad is required which include symptoms consistent with hypoglycemia , a low blood sugar , and resolution of these symptoms once the blood sugar improves .
The name `` digit '' comes from the fact that the 10 digits -LRB- ancient Latin digita meaning fingers -RRB- of the hands correspond to the 10 symbols of the common base 10 number system , i.e. the decimal -LRB- ancient Latin adjective dec. meaning ten -RRB- digits .
The garden dormouse can be recognized by black eye markings , relatively large ears , short hair , and a white tassel at the end of the tail .
In martial arts , combat sports , and violence , a kick is a physical strike using the foot , leg , or knee -LRB- the latter is also known as a knee strike -RRB- . This attack is often used in hand-to-hand combat , especially in stand-up fighting .
Liver allografts for transplant usually come from donors who have died from fatal brain injury . Living donor liver transplantation is a technique in which a portion of a living person 's liver is removed and used to replace the entire liver of the recipient .
Usually , spermicides are combined with contraceptive barrier methods such as diaphragms , condoms , cervical caps , and sponges .
Normal wear and tear includes pitting from cavitation , fatigue cracking , and abrasion from suspended solids in the water .
Many individual cities have also produced their own local hip hop newsletters , while hip hop magazines with national distribution are found in a few other countries . The 21st century also ushered in the rise of online media , and hip hop fan sites now offer comprehensive hip hop coverage on a daily basis .
It should not be confused with Fanconi syndrome , a kidney disorder also named after Fanconi .
A precancerous condition -LRB- or premalignant condition -RRB- is a disease , syndrome , or finding that , if left untreated , may lead to cancer .
The month May has been named for the Greek goddess Maia , who was identified with the Roman era goddess of fertility , Bona Dea , whose festival was held in May .
Patients with type 2 diabetes are often insulin resistant , and because of such resistance , may suffer from a `` relative '' insulin deficiency .
The middle layer is called the myocardium and is composed of muscle which contracts .
Many spaniel breeds were developed during the 19th century , and often named after the counties in which they were developed , or after their owners , who were usually nobility . Two strains of larger land spaniel were predominant and were said to have been of `` true springer type . ''
Emphysema is a long-term , progressive disease of the lungs that primarily causes shortness of breath . In people with emphysema , the tissues necessary to support the physical shape and function of the lungs are destroyed .
Emphysema is called an obstructive lung disease because the destruction of lung tissue around smaller sacs , called alveoli , makes these air sacs unable to hold their functional shape upon exhalation .
Ike developed an eye late on September 3 as it underwent explosive intensification , as it strengthened from a tropical storm to a Category 4 hurricane in twelve hours with an estimated pressure drop of 43 m , from 991 t ; and a 24 hour pressure drop of 61 m , from 996 t. Ike weakened back to a Category 2 hurricane before re-intensifying back to Category 4 .
Soon after Gustav made landfall in Cuba , firstly on the island of Isla de la Juventud and later on the mainland near Los Palacios in Pinar del RÃ o Province , causing catastrophic damage , although it was difficult to estimate it ; damage was later estimated at 3 billion dollars -LRB- 2008 USD -RRB- .
There are several related medical conditions , including acne , sebaceous cysts , hyperplasia , sebaceous adenoma and sebaceous gland carcinoma -LRB- see section below : Pathology -RRB- .
The activity of the sebaceous glands increases during puberty because of heightened levels of androgens .
The extreme use -LRB- up to 10 times doctor-prescribed amounts -RRB- of anabolic steroids by bodybuilders , for muscle gain can cause acne .
A study conducted by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration covered over 100 drugs , prescription and over-the-counter .
Older mothballs consisted primarily of naphthalene , but due to naphthalene 's flammability , modern mothballs use 1,4-dichlorobenzene instead .
Similar nerve tissue-derived vaccines are still used in some countries , as they are much cheaper than modern cell culture vaccines .
Off the ice , Neely 's personal family tragedies , with both his parents dying of cancer , have made him very aware of those whose circumstances are less fortunate than his own . Today , Neely remains active in the Cam Neely Foundation run in conjunction with the New England Medical Center , where patients and their families avail themselves of accommodation at the `` Neely House '' while undergoing cancer treatments .
Named for their prominent barbels , which resemble a cat 's whiskers , catfish range in size and behavior from the heaviest and longest , the Mekong giant catfish from Southeast Asia and the second longest , the wels catfish of Eurasia , to detritivores -LRB- species that eat dead material on the bottom -RRB- , and even to a tiny parasitic species commonly called the candiru , Vandellia cirrhosa .
Roux 's research was based upon the notion of Entwicklungsmechanik or developmental mechanics : he investigated the mechanisms of functional adaptations of bones , cartilage , and tendons to malformation and disease .
The latter are usually organic or inorganic substances that are products of metabolism , and include crystals , oil drops , gums , tannins , resins and other compounds that can aid the organism in defense , maintenance of cellular structure , or just substance storage .
The Zuiderzee Works are a manmade system of dams , land reclamation and water drainage works , the largest hydraulic engineering project undertaken by the Netherlands during the twentieth century .
Courtney Michelle Love -LRB- born Courtney Michelle Harrison ; July 9 , 1964 -RRB- is an American vocalist , lyricist , musician and actress , perhaps best known as frontwoman and rhythm guitarist for alternative rock band Hole .
This recrystallization from decahydrate to monohydrate releases much crystal water in a mostly clear , colorless salt solution with little solid thermonatrite .
After getting up on his feet with a worried face , Michaels said to Flair `` I 'm sorry , I love you , '' before nailing a final Sweet Chin Music and thus pinning Flair to end his 35-year long wrestling career .
Zedoary is also used in some traditional eastern medicines , where it is reputed to be an aid to digestion , a relief for colic and an agent for purifying the blood .
These include John Humphrys , who argued that BBC Three and BBC Four should be shut down in the face of budget cuts to BBC Radio 4 's Today program , which he presents , John Sweeney of Panorama , and Jeremy Paxman are among other journalists have also criticised the channel and its content .
On October 7 against the Tennessee Titans , Gandy suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee , causing him to miss the remainder of the season .
It is sold in syrup , tablet , spray , and lozenge forms .
Dextromethorphan -LRB- DXM or DM -RRB- is an antitussive -LRB- cough suppressant -RRB- drug .
Matt Berman , of Common Sense Media , praised the book , saying `` The Percy Jackson series continues to be pure fun , with the author doing nearly everything right to produce a book that few kids will be able to resist . ''
Interestingly , centrioles are not required for the progression of mitosis .
In the absence of the centrioles the microtubules of the spindle are focused by motors allowing the formation of a bipolar spindle .
When the centrioles are irradiated by a laser , mitosis proceeds normally with a morphologically normal spindle .
Like most molluscs , cephalopods use hemocyanin , a copper-containing protein , rather than hemoglobin , to transport oxygen .
In anatomy , a ganglion -LRB- ; plural ganglia -RRB- is a biological tissue mass , most commonly a mass of nerve cell bodies .
In this time falls the beginning of iron ore mining in and around IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren , which ended in the first half of the 19th century .
Dust mite excretion , pollen and pet dander are all common allergens , but it is possible to be allergic to anything from chlorine to perfume to royal jelly .
Multicellular organisms , especially long-living animals , also face the challenge of cancer , which occurs when cells fail to regulate their growth within the normal program of development .
Various viruses and transposons also share features in their genome structures and biochemical abilities , leading to speculation that they share a common ancestor .
Transposition can create phenotypically significant mutations and alter the cell 's genome size .
The resolution of pit eyes can be greatly improved by incorporating a material with a higher refractive index to form a lens , which may greatly reduce the blur radius encounteredâ '' hence increasing the resolution obtainable .
The cytoplasm is a thick liquid residing between the cell membrane holding organelles , except for the nucleus .
The cytoplasm has three major elements ; the cytosol , organelles and inclusions .
A cadre of young military officers , led by Mustafa Kemal AtatÃ 1\/4 rk , organized a successful resistance to the Allies ; in 1923 , they would establish the modern Republic of Turkey with AtatÃ 1\/4 rk as its first president .
In 1877 , the order established at large railway centres and mining districts various St. John Ambulance associations , so that railway men and colliers could learn how to treat victims of accidents ; in 1882 , the Grand Priory founded a hospice and ophthalmic dispensary in Jerusalem -LRB- Known today as the St. John of Jerusalem Eye Hospital Group -RRB- ; and by 1887 , had created the St. John Ambulance Brigade , which undertook practical and life-saving work .
Each cloak also bears on its left side a rendition of the order 's star in white silk : the Sovereign Head , Grand Prior , and those in the first two grades of the order all have a 300 m diameter emblem ; the Sovereign 's and Grand Prior 's are of white silk with gold adornments , the former 's also surmounted by a St. Edward 's Crown , while those for Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross , Knights and Dames of Justice , and Knights and Dames of Grace are rendered in white linen , the first two groups having embellishments in gold silk , the latter in white silk .
Its oxytocin-like effect causes uterine contractions and more rapid delivery of the placenta , but this was said by Sheila Kitzinger to cause an increased prevalence of retained placenta .
If the animal is allowed to survive after spinning its cocoon and through the pupa phase of its life cycle , it will release proteolytic enzymes to make a hole in the cocoon so that it can emerge as a moth .
The eyes occupied almost all of the space in the skull and were protected by bony plates -LRB- sclerotic rings -RRB- , which most likely assisted to maintain the shape of the eyeballs against water pressure at depth .
To make the chocolate drink , which was served cold , the Maya ground cocoa seeds into a paste , and mixed it with water , cornmeal , chile peppers , and other ingredients .
What the Spaniards then called `` chocolatl '' was said to be a beverage consisting of a chocolate base flavored with vanilla and other spices that was served cold .
It is very sweet and may be topped with marshmallows , whipped cream , or a piece of solid chocolate .
After defeating Montezuma 's warriors , and demanding that the Aztec nobles hand over their valuables , CortÃ s returned to Spain in 1528 , bringing cocoa beans and chocolate drink making equipment .
The seriema also has an enlarged second toe claw , and uses it to tear apart small prey items for swallowing .
Carbonation is the process of dissolving carbon dioxide in water .
One study found a weak correlation between the size of the stretched penis and foot size and height . Another investigation failed to find any evidence for a link between shoe size and stretched penis size .
For women , width rather than length is a more important factor of sexual stimulation . Fear of shrinking of the penis in folklore have led to a type of mass hysteria called penis panic , though the penis legitimately can shrink in size due to scar tissue formation in the penis from a medical condition called Peyronie 's disease .
Potassium arsenite -LRB- KAsO2 -RRB- is the compound which forms the basis of Fowler 's solution and is used as a specific rodenticide .
JVL received awards from Britannica Internet Guide Selection , USA Today Hot Site , and the Best of the Jewish Web from the Jewish Agency for Israel , the Academic Excellence Award from Study Web and others .
This genus is responsible for approximately 95 % of the fatalities resulting from mushroom poisoning , with the death cap accounting for about 50 % on its own .
Nothing was seen ; prevented by ice conditions from reaching the exact spot , Wild took a sounding at 64 Â 11 'S , 46 Â 4 ` W , which revealed 2331 f of water .
They found no signs of land ; a lead weight dropped through the ice reached a depth of 5248 f before the line snapped , a depth which confirmed there was no land in the vicinity .
But by this place Christian went without much danger , whereat I somewhat wondered ; but I have learned since , that Pagan has been dead many a day ; and as for the other , though he be yet alive , he is by reason of age , and also of the many shrewd brushes that he met with in his younger dayes , grown so crazy and stiff in his joynts , that he can now do little more than sit in his Caves mouth , grinning at Pilgrims as they go by , and biting his nails , because he can not come at them .
Effector lymphocytes function to eliminate the antigen , either by releasing antibodies -LRB- in the case of B cells -RRB- , cytotoxic granules -LRB- cytotoxic T cells -RRB- or by signaling to other cells of the immune system -LRB- helper T cells -RRB- .
They can be digested by hydrolysis , catalyzed by enzymes called amylases , which can break the alpha-linkages -LRB- glycosidic bonds -RRB- .
Certain animals can digest cellulose , because bacteria possessing the enzyme are present in their gut .
He had become addicted to heroin after being prescribed morphine for his asthma and bronchitis many years earlier .
Francium is a highly radioactive metal that decays into astatine , radium , and radon .
Mayflies are unique among the winged insects in that they moult one more time after acquiring functional wings -LRB- this is also known as the alate stage -RRB- ; this second-to-last winged instar is usually very short , often a matter of hours , and is known as a subimago or to fly fishermen as a dun .
Elettaria cardamomum -LRB- the usual type of cardamom -RRB- is used as a spice , a masticatory , and in medicine ; it is also smoked sometimes ; it is used as a food plant by the larva of the moth Endoclita hosei .
Fermentation of lactose by these bacteria produces lactic acid , which acts on milk protein to give yoghurt its texture and its characteristic tang .
Yoghurt is nutritionally rich in protein , calcium , riboflavin , vitamin B6 and vitamin B12 .
Common autoimmune diseases include Hashimoto 's thyroiditis , rheumatoid arthritis , diabetes mellitus type 1 , and lupus erythematosus .
Particularly important was the work of Paul Ehrlich , who proposed the side-chain theory to explain the specificity of the antigen-antibody reaction ; his contributions to the understanding of humoral immunity were recognized by the award of a Nobel Prize in 1908 , which was jointly awarded to the founder of cellular immunology , Elie Metchnikoff .
Immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic disease , such as severe combined immunodeficiency , or be produced by pharmaceuticals or an infection , such as the acquired immune deficiency syndrome -LRB- AIDS -RRB- that is caused by the retrovirus HIV .
The radius is one of the two large bones of the forearm , the other being the ulna .
Fighters wore leather straps -LRB- called himantes -RRB- over their hands -LRB- leaving the fingers free -RRB- , wrists , and sometimes breast , to protect themselves from injury .
Gollum reappears , struggles with Frodo for the Ring , and bites off Frodo 's finger , Ring and all , but in so doing falls into the fire , taking the Ring with him .
Death Angel was formed in the San Francisco Bay Area , California , in 1982 by cousins Rob Cavestany -LRB- lead guitar -RRB- , Dennis Pepa -LRB- vocals , bass -RRB- , Gus Pepa -LRB- rhythm guitar -RRB- , and Andy Galeon -LRB- drums -RRB- .
Holly Marie Combs -LRB- born December 3 , 1973 -RRB- is an American film and television actress and producer whose roles have included a portrayal in Charmed as Piper Halliwell and another in Picket Fences , where she received a Young Artist Award for her role , as Kimberly Brock .
Smashers use this ability to attack snails , crabs , molluscs and rock oysters ; their blunt clubs enabling them to crack the shells of their prey into pieces .
The eyes of mantis shrimp may make them able to recognize different types of coral , prey species -LRB- which are often transparent or semi-transparent -RRB- , or predators , such as barracuda , which have shimmering scales .
Because it is a known carcinogen , its use as an additive in gasoline is now limited , but it is an important industrial solvent and precursor to basic industrial chemicals including drugs , plastics , synthetic rubber , and dyes .
Rather , the beginning is defined at the base of a chemically distinctive carbonate layer -LRB- this bed is characterized by an unusual depletion of 13C -RRB- , referred to as a `` cap carbonate '' , because it caps glacial deposits and indicates a sudden climatic change at the end of the Marinoan ice age .
Because of its reactivity with water , lithium is usually stored under cover of a viscous hydrocarbon , often petroleum jelly .
The lithium ion Li + administered as any of several lithium salts has proved to be useful as a mood-stabilizing drug due to neurological effects of the ion in the human body . Lithium and its compounds have several industrial applications , including heat-resistant glass and ceramics , high strength-to-weight alloys used in aircraft , lithium batteries and lithium-ion batteries .
Lithium salts such as lithium carbonate -LRB- Li2CO3 -RRB- , lithium citrate , and lithium orotate are mood stabilizers .
The Cave of Hearths in South Africa has burned deposits dated from 200,000 to 700,000 BP , as do various other sites such as Montagu Cave -LRB- 58,000 to 200,000 BP -RRB- and at the Klasies River Mouth -LRB- 120,000 to 130,000 BP -RRB- .
Tendons are similar to ligaments and fasciae as they are all made of collagen except that ligaments join one bone to another bone , and fasciae connect muscles to other muscles .
Megabats eat fruit , nectar or pollen while most microbats eat insects ; others may feed on the blood of animals , small mammals , fish , frogs , fruit , pollen or nectar .
Upon her return to Canada , she married film director Paul Almond in 1967 , and starred in three of his films : Isabel -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , The Act of the Heart -LRB- 1970 -RRB- and Journey -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , winning the Canadian Film Award for best actress for the first two .
They include a wide variety of pathogens , such as Escherichia , Salmonella , Vibrio , Helicobacter , and many other notable genera .
The first emotions of Galerius were those of surprise , disappointment , and rage ; and , as he could seldom restrain his passions , he threatened to burn both the letter and the messenger .
The core continues to contract and heat up , and when its temperature reaches 100 million K , helium nuclei begin to fuse into carbon and oxygen .
Caecilians are the only order of amphibians that use internal insemination exclusively -LRB- although the tailed frog in the U.S. does use a tail-like appendage for internal insemination in its fast flowing water environment -RRB- .
Polyurethanes are widely used in high resiliency flexible foam seating , rigid foam insulation panels , microcellular foam seals and gaskets , durable elastomeric wheels and tires , automotive suspension bushings , electrical potting compounds , high performance adhesives , surface coatings and sealants , Spandex fibers , seals , gaskets , carpet underlay , and hard plastic parts -LRB- such as for electronic instruments -RRB- .
Although the term opiate is often used as a synonym for opioid , the term opiate is properly limited to only the natural alkaloids found in the resin of the opium poppy -LRB- Papaver somniferum -RRB- .
The seed is also used in various alternative healing systems like Ayurveda -LRB- to control diabetes , for example . -RRB- , Unani and Chinese medicine for digestive ailments .
Subclinical riboflavin deficiency has also been observed in women taking oral contraceptives , in the elderly , in people with eating disorders , and in disease states such as HIV , inflammatory bowel disease , diabetes and chronic heart disease .
Insects land on the leaf , become mired by the surface tension of the water , and suffocate .
Latent Autoimmune Diabetes of Adults -LRB- LADA -RRB- , also known as , Diabetes Type 1.5 , is a term coined by Tuomi et al . in 1993 -LRB- Diabetes 42:359 -362 -RRB- to describe slow-onset Type 1 autoimmune diabetes in adults . The Expert Committee on the Diagnosis and Classification of Diabetes Mellitus -LRB- Diabetes Care , Volume 30 , Supplement 1 , January 2007 -RRB- does not recognize the term LADA ; rather , the Expert Committee includes LADA in the definition of Type 1 autoimmune diabetes -LRB- â Type 1 diabetes results from a cellular-mediated autoimmune destruction of the beta-cells of the pancreas .
A chemical compound is a pure chemical substance consisting of two or more different chemical elements that can be separated into simpler substances by chemical reactions . Chemical compounds have a unique and defined chemical structure ; they consist of a fixed ratio of atoms that are held together in a defined spatial arrangement by chemical bonds .
Frostbite -LRB- congelatio in medical terminology -RRB- is the medical condition where localized damage is caused to skin and other tissues due to extreme cold .
Some women experience intense pleasure if the G-Spot is stimulated appropriately during sexual activity . A G-Spot orgasm may be responsible for female ejaculation , leading some doctors and researchers to believe that G-Spot pleasure comes from the Skene 's glands , a female homolog of the prostate , rather than any particular spot on the vaginal wall .
Upon admission into the Order of Merit , members are entitled to use the post-nominal letters OM , and are entrusted with the badge of the order , consisting of a golden crown from which is suspended a red enamelled cross , itself centred by a disk of blue enamel , surrounded by a gold laurel wreath , and bearing in gold lettering the words FOR MERIT ; the insignia for the military grouping is distinguished by a pair of crossed swords behind the central disk .
According to some , a quickie between a heterosexual couple generally satisfies only the man 's desire ; others claim that quickies -LRB- with intercourse or some other form of stimulation of the vulva -RRB- can be `` a major turn-on '' for a woman , too , but still may not give a woman enough time to lubricate naturally , and so require the use of an artificial water-based lubricant .
It is usually served au jus -LRB- `` with juice '' -RRB- , that is , with beef juice from the cooking process .
Hemorrhoids -LRB- US English -RRB- or hemorrhoids -LRB- British English ; pronounced \/ Ë hÉ mÉ rÉ '' É dz \/ -RRB- , are vascular structures in the anal canal which help with stool control .
When the Black Death -LRB- bubonic plague -RRB- reached Al Andalus in the 14th century , Ibn Khatima hypothesized that infectious diseases are caused by `` minute bodies '' which enter the human body and cause disease .
Another 14th century Andalusian-Arabian physician , Ibn al-Khatib -LRB- 1313 â `` 1374 -RRB- , wrote a treatise called On the Plague , in which he stated how infectious disease can be transmitted through bodily contact and `` through garments , vessels and earrings . ''
In his practice , Freud had a patient who would today be diagnosed with the disorder : Russian aristocrat Sergei Pankejeff -LRB- nicknamed `` The Wolf Man '' by Freud himself in order to protect Pankejeff 's identity -RRB- , had a preoccupation with his nose to such an extent it greatly limited his functioning .
A meteor impact throws both Ratchet and Clank off of the platform ; Clank manages to grab onto the ledge and catch Ratchet , but the strain of supporting Ratchet 's weight causes heavy damage to Clank 's arm . Ratchet offers to repair Clank , and as the game ends they walk off together as a team .
Ribulose-1 ,5 - bisphosphate carboxylase oxygenase , most commonly known by the shorter name RuBisCO , is an enzyme involved in the Calvin cycle that catalyzes the first major step of carbon fixation , a process by which the atoms of atmospheric carbon dioxide are made available to organisms in the form of energy-rich molecules such as glucose .
It is a symptom usually associated with the common cold and chesty coughs , but can also be found in patients with infections of the adenoids , middle ear , sinus or tonsils .
Chloroplasts have their own genome , which is considerably reduced compared to that of free-living cyanobacteria , but the parts that are still present show clear similarities with the cyanobacterial genome .
Sensing of both the external and internal environments at the cellular level relies on signal transduction . Many disease processes , such as diabetes , heart disease , autoimmunity , and cancer arise from defects in signal transduction pathways , further highlighting the critical importance of signal transduction to biology , as well as medicine .
The lines of color and stripes present on Frieza before completely disappear ; his skin is now a pure , solid white with purple sections on his head , shoulders , forearms , chest and shins .
White chocolate is made of cocoa butter , milk , and sugar .
Ashland Coal , Inc. was formed in 1975 as a subsidiary of Ashland Oil . The privately held Arch Mineral Corporation merged with Ashland Coal , Inc. in July 1997 , creating the present-day company .
Best known in Europe for its relationship with Ford - in particular because of the COSWORTH name in the vehicle title on the high performance Ford Sierra RS Cosworth and Ford Escort RS Cosworth , but also in the creation of other Ford models ; the Escort RS1600 , Escort RS1800 , RS200 , and Scorpio 2.9 i 24V .
It slow weakening began on August 2 as it entered cooler waters , and it officially dissipated on August 6 , though like many Pacific hurricanes , a remnant circulation could be tracked westward for several days afterward .
heather honey has a characteristic strong taste , and an unusual texture , for it is thixotropic , being a jelly until stirred , when it becomes a syrup like other honey , but then sets again to a jelly .
They had five children together : Virginia Leftwich -LRB- Gigi -RRB- Graham Tchividjian -LRB- b. 1945 -RRB- ; Anne Graham Lotz -LRB- b. 1948 ; runs AnGeL ministries -RRB- ; Ruth Graham -LRB- b. 1950 ; founder and president of Ruth Graham & Friends -RRB- ; Franklin Graham -LRB- b. 1952 ; administers an international relief organization called Samaritan 's Purse and will be his father 's successor at the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association -RRB- ; and Nelson `` Ned '' Graham -LRB- b. 1958 ; a pastor who runs East Gates International , which distributes Christian literature in China -RRB- .
In 1933 , when Prohibition in the United States ended , Graham 's father forced Graham and his sister Katherine to drink beer until they vomited , which created an aversion , in both of them , to alcohol and drugs .
The most prominent example of toxic chromium is hexavalent chromium -LRB- Cr -LRB- VI -RRB- -RRB- .
His orations constitute a significant expression of contemporary Athenian intellectual prowess and provide an insight into the politics and culture of ancient Greece during the 4th century BC .
Plants grown in sterile soils and growth media often perform poorly without the addition of spores or hyphae of mycorrhizal fungi to colonise the plant roots and aid in the uptake of soil mineral nutrients .
Modern kites use synthetic materials , such as ripstop nylon or more exotic fabrics for the sails , fibreglass or carbon fiber for the spars and dacron or dyneema for the kite lines .
Before 1508 he had painted several altar-pieces for the Castle Church at Wittenberg in competition with Albrecht DÃ 1\/4 rer , Hans Burgkmair and others ; the duke and his brother John were portrayed in various attitudes and a number of his best woodcuts and copper-plates were published .
Despite efforts to keep the Covenant from finding Earth , a Covenant fleet discovers humanity 's homeworld during Halo 2 . By the beginning of Halo 3 , the Covenant have arrived in full force on Earth , with most human resistance crushed .
Mood disorder is the term designating a group of diagnoses in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- DSM IV TR -RRB- classification system where a disturbance in the person 's mood is hypothesized to be the main underlying feature . The classification is known as mood -LRB- affective -RRB- disorders in ICD 10 .
He was awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine , along with Elizabeth Blackburn and Carol W. Greider , for the discovery of how chromosomes are protected by telomeres .
In table 1 the estimated world polyester production is shown . Main applications are textile polyester , bottle polyester resin , film polyester mainly for packaging and specialty polyesters for engineering plastics .
The blood of a cuttlefish is an unusual shade of green-blue because it uses the copper-containing protein hemocyanin to carry oxygen instead of the red iron-containing protein hemoglobin that is found in vertebrates ' blood .
Today scurvy is known to be caused by a nutritional deficiency , but until the isolation of vitamin C and its direct link to scurvy in 1932 , numerous theories and treatments were proposed , often on little or no experimental data . This inconsistency is attributed to the lack of vitamin C as a distinct concept , the varying vitamin C content of different foods -LRB- notably present in fresh citrus , watercress , and organ meat -RRB- , and how vitamin C can be destroyed by exposure to air and copper .
In other words , a single fertilized egg cell -- the zygote -- changes into the many cell types including neurons , muscle cells , epithelium , blood vessels etc. as it continues to divide .
During morphogenesis , totipotent stem cells become the various pluripotent cell lines of the embryo which in turn become fully differentiated cells .
Lyme disease , or Lyme borreliosis , is an emerging infectious disease caused by at least three species of bacteria belonging to the genus Borrelia .
Bubonic plague was often used synonymously for plague , but it does in fact refer specifically to an infection that enters through the skin and travels through the lymphatics , as is often seen in flea-borne infections .
In the early 1950s , Monroe and Gregg Palmer both unsuccessfully auditioned for roles as Daisy Mae and Abner in a proposed Li ' l Abner television series based on the Al Capp comic strip , but the effort never materialized .
Making the film had proved to be an arduous experience for the actors ; in addition to Monroe 's distress , Montgomery Clift had frequently been unable to perform due to illness , and by the final day of shooting , Thelma Ritter was in hospital suffering from exhaustion .
She saw a possibility in 20th Century Fox 's upcoming film , The Egyptian , but was rebuffed by Darryl F. Zanuck who refused to screen test her .
Passive stretching of the muscles is also painful , and trismus , which is similar to tetanus , is common .
Only the style and stigma project above the sepals , petals , and stamens , which appear to attach to the top of the ovary . This sort of ovary is called an inferior ovary , and the flower is said to be epigynous .
All three were found floating in the bay with their hands and feet bound , concrete blocks tied to their necks and duct tape over their mouths . Autopsies indicated the women had been thrown into the water one by one while still alive .
Hepatitis C is an infectious disease affecting the liver , caused by the hepatitis C virus -LRB- HCV -RRB- .
Current guidelines strongly recommend that hepatitis C patients be vaccinated for hepatitis A and B if they have not yet been exposed to these viruses , as infection with a second virus could worsen their liver disease .
A VIPoma -LRB- also known as Verner Morrison syndrome , after the physicians who first described it -RRB- is a rare -LRB- 1 per 10,000,000 per year -RRB- endocrine tumor , usually -LRB- about 90 % -RRB- originating in the pancreas , that produces vasoactive intestinal peptide -LRB- VIP -RRB- .
Nucleosomes form the fundamental repeating units of eukaryotic chromatin , which is used to pack the large eukaryotic genomes into the nucleus while still ensuring appropriate access to it -LRB- in mammalian cells approximately 2 m of linear DNA have to be packed into a nucleus of roughly 10 Â m diameter -RRB- .
In male human anatomy , the foreskin is a generally retractable double-layered fold of skin and mucous membrane that covers the glans penis and protects the urinary meatus when the penis is not erect .
Infection with P. vivax , P. ovale or P. malariae is usually treated on an outpatient basis . Treatment of P. vivax requires both treatment of blood stages -LRB- with chloroquine or ACT -RRB- as well as clearance of liver forms with primaquine .
It was believed , but had not been proven , that she suffered from a rare heart condition called long QT Syndrome .
Red Bull contains taurine , glucuronolactone , caffeine , B vitamins , sucrose , and glucose .
Lung cancer is a disease which consists of uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung .
Asbestos can cause a variety of lung diseases , including lung cancer .
Many sperm whales carry scars on their backs believed to be caused by the hooks of Colossal Squid . Colossal Squid are a major prey item for Antarctic sperm whales feeding in the Southern Ocean ; 14 % of the squid beaks found in the stomachs of these sperm whales are those of the Colossal Squid , which indicates that Colossal Squid make up 77 % of the biomass consumed by these whales .
He gained prominence in the 1970s for playing Jodie Dallas on the ABC sitcom Soap and became a Hollywood film star during the late 1980s and 1990s , appearing in the critical and box office successes When Harry Met Sally ... and City Slickers .
Many other herbs may be used as well , such as petite wormwood -LRB- Artemisia pontica or Roman wormwood -RRB- , hyssop , melissa , star anise , angelica , sweet flag , dittany , coriander , veronica , juniper , and nutmeg .
A common example of a chemical substance is pure water ; it has the same properties and the same ratio of hydrogen to oxygen whether it is isolated from a river or made in a laboratory .
The Polish government decided to restore Auschwitz I and turn it into a museum honoring the victims of Nazism ; Auschwitz II , where buildings -LRB- many of which were prefabricated wood structures -RRB- were prone to decay , was preserved but not restored . Today , the Auschwitz I museum site combines elements from several periods into a single complex : for example the gas chamber at Auschwitz I -LRB- which had been converted into an air-raid shelter for the SS -RRB- was restored and the fence was moved -LRB- because of building work being done after the war but before the museum was established -RRB- .
After days of starvation , Bobby Jon brought a giant clam for his tribe ; hoping that it would help them win the next Immunity Challenge .
In a twist that would eventually lead to its use in later seasons , one individual immunity challenge required the first player to drop out to spend a night alone on an isolated island .
With the others -LRB- including the obviously-vulnerable Stephenie -RRB- bailed out for various food items , Tom was the last man standing and won Immunity .
His two greatest achievements are cited as overseeing the eradication of smallpox , and the control of Australia 's rabbit plague through the introduction of Myxoma virus .
Toes are the digits of the foot of a tetrapod .
Public school buildings acted as shelters , and were for refuge only , meaning they did not provide food , cots , blankets , medications or other comfort items .
In contrast to selenium , tellurium is not able to replace sulfur in its minerals . This is due to the large difference in ion radius of sulfur and tellurium .
Coming together as an amalgamation of the Dutch group Reflex , the Danish group HÃ st and the Belgian Revolutionary Surrealist Group , the group only lasted a few years but managed to achieve a number of objectives in that time ; the periodical Cobra , a series of collaborations between various members called Peintures-Mot and two large-scale exhibitions .
Saliva -LRB- sÉ Ë laÉ vÉ , referred to in various contexts as spit , spittle , drivel , drool , or slobber -RRB- is the watery and usually frothy substance produced in the mouths of humans and most other animals . Saliva is a component of oral fluid .
Appendicitis a condition characterized by inflammation of the appendix .
Hydrothermal vent communities are able to sustain such vast amounts of life because vent organisms depend on chemosynthetic bacteria for food .
He was immediately arrested by waiting members of the Long Beach Police Department ; when asked by a reporter why he had done it , Walters replied , `` A man ca n't just sit around . ''
Walters attached the balloons to his lawn chair , filled them with helium , put on a parachute , and strapped himself into the chair in the backyard of a home at 1633 W. 7th St. in San Pedro He took his pellet gun , a CB radio , sandwiches , cold beer , and a camera .
Food additives are substances added to food to preserve flavor or enhance its taste and appearance . Some additives have been used for centuries ; for example , preserving food by pickling -LRB- with vinegar -RRB- , salting , as with bacon , preserving sweets or using sulfur dioxide as in some wines .
Finally , fast local hard disk can also cache information held on even slower data storage devices , such as remote servers -LRB- web cache -RRB- or local tape drives or optical jukeboxes .
The 24th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series , the film tells the story of two unlikely friends , a red fox named Tod and a hound dog named Copper , who struggle to preserve their friendship despite their emerging instincts and the surrounding social pressures demanding them to be adversaries .
The film is directed by Ted Berman and Richard Rich and features the voices of Kurt Russell , Mickey Rooney , Pearl Bailey , Pat Buttram , Sandy Duncan , Richard Bakalyan , Paul Winchell , Jack Albertson , Jeanette Nolan , John Fiedler , John McIntire , Keith Coogan , and Corey Feldman .
Rise Against released their first two records -LRB- The Unraveling , and Revolutions per Minute -RRB- on Fat Wreck Chords , and their next three -LRB- Siren Song of the Counter Culture , The Sufferer & the Witness , Appeal to Reason -RRB- on Geffen , and their next album Endgame was released on Interscope .
Oliver Smithies -LRB- born June 23 , 1925 -RRB- is a British-born American geneticist and Nobel laureate , credited with the invention of gel electrophoresis in 1955 , and the simultaneous discovery , with Mario Capecchi and Martin Evans , of the technique of homologous recombination of transgenic DNA with genomic DNA , a much more reliable method of altering animal genomes than previously used , and the technique behind gene targeting and knockout mice .
There is hyaline cartilage present in the bronchi , present as irregular rings in the larger bronchi -LRB- and not as regular as in the trachea -RRB- , and as small plates and islands in the smaller bronchi .
The tre cassyn also appears on the Manx Sword of State , which is popularly said to date to the time of King AmlaÃ b mac Gofraid -LRB- d. 1237 -RRB- , although recent analysis has shown it more likely dates to about the 15th century .
The ilama is usually chilled when served . It is sometimes served with a little cream and sugar to intensify the flavor , or with a drop of lime or lemon juice to bring in a tart and bitter tinge .
On 13 September 2008 , Lee , then 84 , underwent successful treatment for abnormal heart rhythm -LRB- atrial flutter -RRB- at Singapore General Hospital , but he was still able to address a philanthropy forum via video link from hospital .
A strain is a genetic variant or subtype of a microorganism -LRB- e.g. virus or bacterium or fungus -RRB- .
The Olympic Games -LRB- - ta Olympia ; - Olympiakoi Agones -RRB- were a series of athletic competitions held for representatives of various city-states of Ancient Greece held in honor of Zeus .
They have small eyes and poor sight , and hunt in the early evening and at night , using their hearing and long , sensitive whiskers to locate prey .
The official cause of death was a drug overdose ; an autopsy found a lethal mixture of cocaine and the prescription drug Tramadol , a synthetic opiate .
It can also live in symbiosis with plants and fungi and is found in soil , water , the rhizosphere , and in many animals .
Leaf transpiration occurs through stomata , and can be thought of as a necessary `` cost '' associated with the opening of the stomata to allow the diffusion of carbon dioxide gas from the air for photosynthesis .
The transpiration ratio is the ratio of the mass of water transpired to the mass of dry matter produced ; the transpiration ratio of crops tends to fall between 200 and 1000 -LRB- i.e. , crop plants transpire 200 to 1000 kg of water for every kg of dry matter produced -RRB- .
In 1620 , the clergyman Edmund Gunter developed a method of surveying land accurately with low technology equipment , using what became known as Gunter 's chain ; this was 66 feet long and from the practice of using his chain , the word transferred to the actual measured unit . His chain had 100 links , and the link is used as a subdivision of the chain as a unit of length .
The most memorable of these was his victory on the Champs - Ã lysÃ es in Paris where he won by a huge margin ; almost 30m , with his own lead out man , Mark Renshaw having enough time to come in 2nd with his arms raised .
An alternative name for measles in English-speaking countries is rubeola , which is sometimes confused with rubella -LRB- German measles -RRB- ; the diseases are unrelated .
; RNA viruses : Replication usually takes place in the cytoplasm .
However , some viruses including those causing AIDS and viral hepatitis evade these immune responses and result in chronic infections .
A biochemical pathway called the RISC complex is activated , which degrades the viral mRNA and the cell survives the infection .
Antibiotics have no effect on viruses , but several antiviral drugs have been developed .
Other factors such as the length of an arm wrestler 's arm , his\/her muscle and arm mass\/density , hand grip size , wrist endurance and flexibility , reaction time , as well as countless other traits , can add to the advantages of one arm wrestler over another .
The reading dome 's original skylights were modified and covered in copper sheets in 1959 due to water leakage .
Orthopox : smallpox virus -LRB- variola -RRB- , vaccinia virus , cowpox virus , monkeypox virus ; Parapox : orf virus , pseudocowpox , bovine papular stomatitis virus ; Yatapox : tanapox virus , yaba monkey tumor virus ; Molluscipox : molluscum contagiosum virus -LRB- MCV -RRB- .
The original sundae consists of vanilla ice cream topped with a flavored sauce or syrup , whipped cream , and a maraschino cherry .
It is not seen on a Gram stained smear because the organism has a waxy coat around it that does not accept the Gram stain .
Two former members died within a few years of each other in the early 2000s ; Joe Nanini died of a brain hemorrhage on December 4 , 2000 , and Marc Moreland died of kidney and liver failure on March 13 , 2002 .
On the undercard , Drew McIntyre defended the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Kane , The Miz defended the WWE United States Championship against Montel Vontavious Porter , and Maryse and Gail Kim competed against Team Lay-Cool -LRB- Layla and Michelle McCool -RRB- in an interbrand Divas tag team match .
Most commercially-available baking powders are made up of an alkaline component -LRB- typically baking soda , also known as sodium bicarbonate -RRB- , one or more acid salts , and an inert starch -LRB- cornstarch in most cases , though potato starch may also be used -RRB- .
Cartridges intended only for Game Boy Color -LRB- and not for the original Game Boy -RRB- lack the `` notch '' for the locking mechanism present in the top of the original cartridges , preventing operation on an original Game Boy -LRB- the cartridge can be inserted , but the power switch can not be moved to the `` on '' position -RRB- . Even if this is bypassed by using a Game Boy Pocket , Game Boy Light , or Super Game Boy , the game will not run , and an image on the screen will inform the user that the game is only compatible with Game Boy Color systems .
He was awarded the shared Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine in 1974 , together with Albert Claude and George E. Palade , for describing the structure and function of organelles -LRB- lysosomes and peroxisomes -RRB- in biological cells .
He compared the effects of various different acidic substances , ranging from vinegar to cider , on groups of afflicted sailors , and found that the group who were given oranges and lemons had largely recovered from scurvy after 6 days .
Wind power is the conversion of wind energy into a useful form of energy , such as using wind turbines to make electricity , wind mills for mechanical power , wind pumps for pumping water or drainage , or sails to propel ships .
Brown died in Warrenton , Virginia on August 15 , 2002 of lower motor neuron syndrome -- being diagnosed with Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , commonly known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease , since 1999 .
This colourless solid is prepared by the reaction of selenium with a solution of sodium in ammonia .
Specifically , an allergic response may be triggered in people sensitive to the growth medium , usually corn , soy , or wheat . For example , residual wheat gluten has been detected on xanthan gum made using wheat .
Xanthan gum may be derived from a variety of source products that are themselves common allergens , such as corn , wheat , dairy , or soy .
As such , persons with known sensitivities or allergies to food products are advised to avoid foods including generic xanthan gum or first determine the source for the xanthan gum before consuming the food .
Toothpaste often contains xanthan gum , where it serves as a binder to keep the product uniform .
During meiosis , there are two chromosome separation steps which assure that each of the four daughter cells gets one copy of each of the 23 types of chromosome .
Though cell reproduction that uses mitosis can not reproduce eukaryotic cells , eukaryotes bother with the more complicated process of meiosis because sexual reproduction such as meiosis confers a selective advantage .
He and his associate John Hayes Hammond led novel game expeditions to Africa with the goal of finding large animals such as Giant Eland , hippopotamus , zebra , and various bird species that might be bred in the United States and become game for future American sportsmen .
The scars , or leaf cushions , were composed of green photosynthetic tissue , evidenced by the cuticle covering and being dotted with stomata , microscopic pores through which carbon dioxide from the air diffuses into plants .
The halogens or halogen elements are a series of nonmetal elements from Group 17 IUPAC Style -LRB- formerly : VII , VIIA -RRB- of the periodic table , comprising fluorine -LRB- F -RRB- , chlorine -LRB- Cl -RRB- , bromine -LRB- Br -RRB- , iodine -LRB- I -RRB- , and astatine -LRB- At -RRB- .
Joey Ramone -LRB- born Jeffry Ross Hyman ; May 19 , 1951 â `` April 15 , 2001 -RRB- was a vocalist and songwriter , best known as the lead vocalist in the punk rock band the Ramones . Joey Ramone 's image , voice and tenure as frontman of the Ramones made him a countercultural icon .
The cryosphere -LRB- from the Greek cryos `` cold '' , `` frost '' or `` ice '' -RRB- is the term which collectively describes the portions of the Earthâ s surface where water is in solid form , including sea ice , lake ice , river ice , snow cover , glaciers , ice caps and ice sheets , and frozen ground -LRB- which includes permafrost -RRB- .
It is produced with high efficiency by reducing sodium chlorate in a strong acid solution with a suitable reducing agent such as methanol , hydrogen peroxide , hydrochloric acid or sulfur dioxide .
The specific name means `` full below the throat '' and refers to the male having an enlargement of the neck and throat during the mating season .
Tar made from coal or petroleum is considered toxic and carcinogenic because of its high benzene content , though coal tar in low concentrations is used as a topical medicine .
Lip balm or lip salve is a waxy substance applied topically to the lips of the mouth to relieve chapped or dry lips , angular cheilitis , stomatitis , or cold sores .
Renal medullary carcinoma has been termed `` the seventh sickle cell nephropathy '' because it is found almost exclusively in individuals with sickle cell trait or occasionally in those with sickle cell disease .
The first is the polypoid stage , when the animal takes the form of a small stalk with feeding tentacles ; this polyp may be sessile , living on the bottom or on similar substrata such as floats or boat-bottoms , or it may be free-floating or attached to tiny bits of free-living plankton or rarely , fish or other invertebrates .
Like the land plants -LRB- bryophytes and tracheophytes -RRB- , green algae contain chlorophylls a and b , and store food as starch in their plastids .
Enigmatic lyricist Richey Edwards gained early notoriety by carving the words `` 4REAL '' into his arm with a razor blade -LRB- narrowly missing an artery and requiring seventeen stitches -RRB- in response to the suggestion that the band were less than authentic .
In The Tomb of the Cybermen -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , veins and brains were visible through the domed head of the Cyberman Controller and similarly , in Attack of the Cybermen -LRB- 1985 -RRB- and `` The Age of Steel '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , the Cyber-Controller 's brain is visible through the dome .
In their first appearance in the series , the only portions of their bodies that still seemed human were their hands ; by their next appearance in The Moonbase -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , their bodies were entirely covered up in their metallic suits , with their hands replaced by two finger claws , but they changed back to regular five-fingered hands in The Invasion -LRB- 1968 -RRB- .
Most often aluminium adjuvants are used , but adjuvants like squalene are also used in some vaccines and more vaccines with squalene and phosphate adjuvants are being tested .
When the virulent version of an agent comes along the body recognizes the protein coat on the virus , and thus is prepared to respond , by -LRB- 1 -RRB- neutralizing the target agent before it can enter cells , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- by recognizing and destroying infected cells before that agent can multiply to vast numbers .
While most vaccines are created using inactivated or attenuated compounds from micro-organisms , synthetic vaccines are composed mainly or wholly of synthetic peptides , carbohydrates or antigens .
Pharmaceutical firms and biotechnology companies have little incentive to develop vaccines for these diseases , because there is little revenue potential .
This phenomenon was first noted in the trivalent Sabin polio vaccine , where the amount of serotype 2 virus in the vaccine had to be reduced to stop it from interfering with the `` take '' of the serotype 1 and 2 viruses in the vaccine .
The twentieth century saw the introduction of several successful vaccines , including those against diphtheria , measles , mumps , and rubella .
Principles that govern the immune response can now be used in tailor-made vaccines against many noninfectious human diseases , such as cancers and autoimmune disorders .
Several preservatives are available , including thiomersal , phenoxyethanol , and formaldehyde .
In medicine , a central venous catheter -LRB- `` central line '' , `` CVC '' , `` central venous line '' or `` central venous access catheter '' -RRB- is a catheter placed into a large vein in the neck -LRB- internal jugular vein or external jugular vein -RRB- , chest -LRB- subclavian vein -RRB- or groin -LRB- femoral vein -RRB- .
The lack of indium mineral deposits and the fact that indium is enriched in sulfidic lead , tin , copper , iron and predominately in zinc deposits , makes zinc production the main source for indium . The indium is leached from slag and dust of zinc production .
As such , polyploids played a conservative role in evolution since problems with fertility prevented the acquisition and replication of new genetic material that might lead to a new line of evolution .
Amaranth is a reddish-rose color that is a representation of the color of the flower of the amaranth plant . The color shown is the color of the red amaranth flower -LRB- the color normally considered amaranth -RRB- , but there are other varieties of amaranth that have other colors of amaranth flowers ; these colors are also shown below .
On the hand with which he carries his stick , often called the `` stick hand , '' the goaltender wears a blocker with a large pad across the back of the forearm , usually extending just beyond the wrist .
Footprints , eggshells , teeth , and fragments of bone representing theropods , sauropods , and ornithopods have been found , but none of them are diagnostic to the genus level .
Electron transport chains are the cellular mechanisms used for extracting energy from sunlight in photosynthesis and also from redox reactions , such as the oxidation of sugars -LRB- respiration -RRB- .
The Glossy-mantled Manucode , Manucodia ater , is a medium-sized , around 42 cm long , glossed green , blue and purple black bird of paradise with a red iris , black bill , long graduated tail and somewhat elongated upper breast and neck feathers .
Boris caused heavy flooding in southern Mexico that resulted in ten fatalities ; however , a damage estimate is unknown .
The traditional jersey , and traditional guernsey , are dyed a navy blue color , using a dye that does not require stripping the wool of its natural oil , rendering these sweaters surprisingly water resistant .
Her roles at the Met included Susanna in Nozze di Figaro ; Despina in CosÃ fan tutte ; The Queen of the Night in The Magic Flute ; Amore in Gluck 's Orfeo ed Euridice ; Marzeline in Beethoven 's Fidelio ; Rosina in Il barbiere di Siviglia ; Adina in Elisir d'amore ; Norina in Don Pasquale ; Oscar in Ballo in maschera ; Nanetta in Falstaff ; Olympia in Les contes d'Hoffmann ; Sophie in Der Rosenkavalier ; Zerbinetta in Ariadne auf Naxos ; and Adele in Die Fledermaus . She later added lyric-coloratura roles such as Amina in La Sonnambula , Lucia in Lucia di Lammermoor and Gilda in Rigoletto , the last being her farewell role at the Met in 1985 .
Michael Eugene `` Mike '' Epps -LRB- born November 18 , 1970 -RRB- is an American stand-up comedian , actor , film producer , writer , singer , musician , and rapper , best known for playing Day-Day Jones in Next Friday and the sequel-to-the-sequel , Friday After Next , and also starring alongside Ice Cube in All About The Benjamins . He is known as the new voice of Boog in Open Season 2 and Open Season 3 .
The primitive Liphistiidae , the `` trapdoor spiders '' -LRB- family Ctenizidae -RRB- and many tarantulas are ambush predators that lurk in burrows , often closed by trapdoors and often surrounded by networks of silk threads that alert these spiders to the presence of prey .
Ant-mimicking spiders face several challenges : they generally develop slimmer abdomens and false `` waists '' in the cephalothorax to mimic the three distinct regions -LRB- tagmata -RRB- of an ant 's body ; they wave the first pair of legs in form to their heads to mimic antennae , which spiders lack , and to conceal the fact that they have eight legs rather than six ; they develop large color patches round one pair of eyes to disguise the fact that they generally have eight simple eyes , while ants have two compound eyes ; they cover their bodies with reflective hairs to resemble the shiny bodies of ants .
Various touch sensors , mostly bristles called setae , respond to different levels of force , from strong contact to very weak air currents .
It was believed that the living had a symbiotic relationship with the dead where the dead provided everything the living needed -LRB- health , fertility of land and animals , fortune , etc. -RRB- and the living through offerings provided the dead with a better place in the spirit world .
A concentrate is a form of substance which has had the majority of its base component -LRB- in the case of a liquid : the solvent -RRB- removed . Typically this will be the removal of water from a solution or suspension such as the removal of water from fruit juice .
He was also the first to record microscopic observations of muscle fibers , bacteria , spermatozoa and blood flow in capillaries -LRB- small blood vessels -RRB- .
Despite its name , the compound contains no bromineâ '' theobromine is derived from Theobroma , the name of the genus of the cacao tree , -LRB- which itself is made up of the Greek roots theo -LRB- `` God '' -RRB- and brosi -LRB- `` food '' -RRB- , meaning `` food of the gods '' -RRB- with the suffix - ine given to alkaloids and other basic nitrogen-containing compounds .
In bacteria , carbon monoxide is produced via the reduction of carbon dioxide by the enzyme carbon monoxide dehydrogenase , an Fe-Ni-S-containing protein .
Mario Renato Capecchi -LRB- Verona , Italy , 6 October 1937 -RRB- is an Italian-born American molecular geneticist and a co-winner of the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for discovering a method for introducing homologous recombination in mice employing embryonic stem cells , with Martin Evans and Oliver Smithies .
Damage to marine life was moderate as the storm increased the turbidity and lowered the oxygen level in the water , threatening many fish and other marine wildlife .
Increases in newt toxicity then apply a selective pressure favoring snakes with mutations conferring even greater resistance .
Toxin resistant garter snakes are the only known animals today that can eat a T. granulosa newt and survive .
In the past , MAOIs were prescribed for those resistant to tricyclic antidepressant therapy , but newer MAOIs such as selegiline and moclobemide provide a safer alternative and are now sometimes used as first-line therapy , although these substances are not always as effective as their predecessors .
The infection results from inhalation of endospores , and from contact with the milk , urine , feces , vaginal mucus , or semen of infected animals .
There is insufficient evidence to recommend for or against screening for skin cancer , oral cancer , lung cancer , or prostate cancer in men under 75 . Routine screening is not recommended for bladder cancer , testicular cancer , ovarian cancer , pancreatic cancer , or prostate cancer in men over 75 .
He stated that the excision should be radical and that all diseased tissue should be removed , which included the use of amputation or the removal of veins running in the direction of the tumor .
Alkaloids are produced by a large variety of organisms , including bacteria , fungi , plants , and animals and are part of the group of natural products -LRB- also called secondary metabolites -RRB- .
Erectile dysfunction -LRB- also known as ED or '' -LRB- male -RRB- impotence '' -RRB- is a sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop and\/or maintain an erection .
In early September , Hurricane Fabian struck Bermuda as a Category 3 hurricane , where it was the worst hurricane since 1926 ; on the island it caused four deaths and $ 300 million in damage -LRB- 2003 USD , $ USD -RRB- .
