A goitre -LRB- BrE -RRB- , or goiter -LRB- AmE -RRB- -LRB- Latin struma -RRB- , also called a bronchocele , is a swelling in the neck -LRB- just below Adam 's apple or larynx -RRB- due to an enlarged thyroid gland .
The structure is known as the middle ear , and is made up of the incus , stapes , malleus , and tympanic membrane .
It is also used to treat symptoms of traumatic brain injury -LRB- TBI -RRB- and the daytime drowsiness symptoms of narcolepsy , amongst others .
Tarama is carp roe used to make taramosalata . Taramosolata is a Greek and Turkish food that is made of tarama mixed with lemon juice , bread crumbs , onions , and olive oil .
His Mozart recordings inspired Flanders and Swann 's Ill Wind and his classical playing .
Hyperthyroidism is a medical condition .
At the 75th minute of this game , Trautmann was hit by a player from Birmingham .
Nausea is a general feeling of unease and discomfort in the stomach , often with the urge to vomit .
It has 3 main components ; cells , fibers , and extracellular matrix .
It is a type of severe and dangerous leukopenia -LRB- a condition of very low number of white blood cells -RRB- . If the agranulocytosis is because of a lack of neutrophils -LRB- called neutropenia -RRB- , it is especially bad .
`` To gain a desired prey , a dog or wolf will do things -LRB- that they would normally not do , such as -RRB- run through thorn bushes , jump into cold water and expose themselves to risks which would normally frighten them .
He described the white stripe as representing the glaciers and ice cap ; the red stripe , the ocean ; the red semicircle , the fjords ; and the white semicircle , the icebergs and pack ice .
Oscar Fredrick Dronjak -LRB- born January 20 1972 -RRB- is the rhythm guitarist of the power metal band HammerFall .
For the best-fit `` snowman '' model , the density is found to be 1.8 Â 0.2 g\/cm Â . This gives a porosity of the order of 20 % .
Block ciphers operate on large blocks of fixed length .
Males of the subspecies caudatus have a mostly blue tail and no blue throat patch , while males of the subspecies margarethae have green tips to the tail-feathers .
These include pine resin , frankincense , poppy seed oil , walnut oil , and in more modern times safflower oil .
Hypoglycemia is a condition that involves lower than normal blood sugar .
In the decimal system -LRB- which is base 10 -RRB- , each digit is how many of a certain power of 10 are needed to get the value .
The garden dormouse has black eye marks , large ears -LRB- for a rodent -RRB- , short hair , and a white tassel at the end of the tail .
In hand-to-hand combat , in martial arts and sports , a kick is a blow with the foot , the knee or the leg .
Some liver diseases can only be treated with liver transplant .
Spermicides are normally used with barrier contraception , such as condoms , cervical caps , diaphragms , and contraceptive sponges .
Normal wear and tear is pitting from cavitation , fatigue cracking , and abrasion from suspended solids in the water .
Hip hop musicians usually use nicknames .
It should not be confused with Fanconi syndrome .
A precancerous -LRB- or premalignant -RRB- condition is not malignant .
The month of May might have been named for the Roman goddess Maia , or more likely the Roman goddess of fertility Bona Dea , whose festival was held in May .
Some people with diabetes can take in insulin from outside their bodies instead of producing their own insulin .
The middle layer is the myocardium . This is the heart muscle .
It is one of many spaniel breeds .
Emphysema is a disease of the lungs .
It occurs when the very small air sacs -LRB- called the alveoli -RRB- at the ends of the airways in the lungs start to break down from many sacs to form much bigger sacs . The alveoli are the areas of the lung where oxygen and carbon dioxide are exchanged into and out of the blood .
Ike developed an eye late on September 3 as it did explosive intensification , as it strengthened from a tropical storm to a Category 4 hurricane in twelve hours with an guessed pressure drop of 43 mbars , from 991 to 948 mbars ; and a 24 hour pressure drop of 61 mbar , from 996 to 935 mbars . Ike weakened back to a Category 2 hurricane before re-intensifying back to Category 4 .
Soon after Gustav made landfall in Cuba , firstly on the island of Isla de la Juventud and later on the mainland near Los Palacios in Pinar del RÃ o Province , causing severe damage , although it is difficult to predict how much damage it caused .
There are several related medical conditions , including : acne , sebaceous cysts , hyperplasia , sebaceous adenoma and sebaceous gland carcinoma -LRB- see section below : Diseases -RRB- .
The activity of the sebaceous glands increases during puberty because of heightened levels of androgens .
The extreme use -LRB- up to 10 times doctor-prescribed amounts -RRB- of anabolic steroids by bodybuilders , for muscle gain can also cause acne .
A study done by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration covered over 100 drugs , prescription and over-the-counter .
Older mothballs were made primarily of naphthalene . Because naphthalene can catch fire easily , modern mothballs use 1,4-dichlorobenzene instead .
Vaccines similar to this are still used today , but other vaccines -LRB- growing the virus using cell cultures -RRB- are more frequent .
Both of Neely 's parents died of cancer and he set up the Cam Neely Foundation and helps cancer patients live in accommodation at the `` Neely House '' while undergoing cancer treatments .
They range in size from the heaviest , the Mekong Giant Catfish to the longest , the Wels catfish found in Eurasia .
Roux 's research was based upon the notion of Entwicklungsmechanik or developmental mechanics .
These are usually organic or inorganic substances that are products of metabolism , and include crystals , oil drops , gums , tannins , resins and other compounds that can help the organism in defense , maintenance of cellular structure , or just substance storage .
The Zuiderzeewerken -LRB- Zuiderzee Works -RRB- are a system of dams , land reclamation and water drainage works , a project undertaken by the Netherlands during the twentieth century .
Courtney Michelle Love -LRB- born Courtney Michelle Harrison on July 9 , 1964 -RRB- is an American rock musician and Golden Globe-nominated actress .
This releases a mostly clear , colorless salty kind of water with a little solid thermonatrite .
After getting up on his feet with a worried face , Michaels said to Flair `` I 'm sorry , I love you '' , before nailing a final Sweet Chin Music and thus pinning Flair to end his 36-year long wrestling career .
Zedoary is also used in some traditional eastern medicines .
These include John Humphrys , who argued that BBC Three and BBC Four should be shut down in the face of budget cuts to Radio 4 's Today program , which he presents , John Sweeney of Panorama , and Jeremy Paxman are among other journalists have also criticised the channel and its content .
On October 7 , Gandy hurt his left knee while playing against the Tennessee Titans ; he tore what is called an anterior cruciate ligament , which kept him from playing any more games for the rest of the season .
It is sold in syrup , tablet , and lozenge forms , manufactured under several different brand names and generic labels .
Dextromethorphan -LRB- DXM or DM -RRB- is a drug .
Matt Berman , of Common Sense Media , praised the book , saying `` The Percy Jackson series continues to be pure fun , with the author doing nearly everything right to produce a book that few kids will be able to resist . ''
Interestingly , centrosomes are not required for the progression of mitosis .
In the absence of the centrosome , the microtubules of the spindle are focused by motors allowing the formation of a bipolar spindle .
When the centrosomes are irradiated by a laser , mitosis proceeds with a normal spindle .
Like most molluscs , cephalopods use hemocyanin , a copper-containing protein , rather than hemoglobin to transport oxygen .
In anatomy , a ganglion -LRB- plural ganglia -RRB- is a biological tissue mass , part of the nervous system . It is a mass of nerve cell bodies .
In this time falls the beginning of iron ore mining in and around IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren , which ended in the first half of the 19th century .
Dust , pollen and pet dander are all common allergens . It is possible to be allergic to anything from chlorine to perfume .
Multicellular organisms , especially long-living animals , also face the challenge of cancer , which occurs when cells fail to regulate their growth within the normal program of development .
Various viruses and transposons also share features in their genome structures and biochemical abilities , leading to speculation that they share a common ancestor .
Transposition can create significant mutations and alter the cell 's genome size .
The resolution of pit eyes can be improved a lot by adding a material to make a lens . This will reduce the radius of the blurring , and increase the resolution that can be achieved .
It refers to both the cytosol -LRB- the actual liquid -RRB- , a cells organelles , but not the nucleus -LRB- or the cell membrane -RRB- . The cytoplasm surrounds the nucleus , and is home to the other organelles .
The cytoplasm surrounds the nucleus , and is home to the other organelles . The cytoplasm consists mainly of cytosol , and crucial chemical reactions happen with it .
AtatÃ 1\/4 rk made many changes that made Turkey more modern .
In 1877 , the order established at large railway centres and mining districts various St. John Ambulance associations , so that railway men and colliers could learn how to treat victims of accidents ; in 1882 , the Grand Priory founded a hospice and ophthalmic dispensary in Jerusalem -LRB- Known today as the St. John of Jerusalem Eye Hospital Group -RRB- ; and by 1887 , had created the St. John Ambulance Brigade , which undertook practical and life-saving work .
Each cloak also bears on its left side a rendition of the order 's star in white silk : the Sovereign Head , Grand Prior , and those in the first two grades of the order all have a 300 m diameter emblem ; the Sovereign 's and Grand Prior 's are of white silk with gold adornments , the former 's also surmounted by a St. Edward 's Crown , while those for Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross , Knights and Dames of Justice , and Knights and Dames of Grace are rendered in white linen , the first two groups having embellishments in gold silk , the latter in white silk .
Its oxytocin-like effect causes uterine contractions and more rapid delivery of the placenta but this was said by Sheila Kitzinger to cause an increased prevalence of retained placenta .
If the animal is allowed to survive after spinning its cocoon , it will make a hole in the cocoon when it exits as a moth .
They were protected by bony plates -LRB- sclerotic rings -RRB- , which most likely assisted to maintain the shape of the eyeballs against water pressure at depth .
To make the drink , the Maya ground cocoa seeds into a paste and mixed it with water , cornmeal , chile peppers , and spices .
What the Spanish then called `` chocolatl '' was said to be a drink made of a chocolate base with vanilla and other spices that was served cold .
It is very sweet and often is served with marshmallows , whipped cream , or a piece of solid chocolate .
After defeating Montezumaâ s warriors and taking the Aztec 's riches , CortÃ s went back to Spain in 1528 . He brought cocoa beans and chocolate drink making equipment .
The seriema also has an enlarged second toe claw , and uses it to tear apart small prey items for swallowing .
Carbonation is a solution that forms when carbon dioxide is dissolved in a liquid .
The arithmetic mean human penis is approximately 12.9 t in length , the circumference is approximately 12.3 c. There is no scientific relation between either penis size or race , and shoe size or stretched penis size .
A study concluded that penis width rather than length was a more important factor of sexual stimulation probably because a wider penis provides more friction to the clitoral area while a longer penis reaches a less sensitive area .
Potassium arsenite is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is KAsO2 .
JVL got awards from Britannica Internet Guide Selection , USA Today Hot Site , and the Best of the Jewish Web from the Jewish Agency for Israel , the Academic Excellence Award from Study Web and others .
This genus is responsible for approximately 95 % of the fatalities resulting from mushroom poisoning , with the death cap accounting for about 50 % on its own .
Nothing was seen ; prevented by ice conditions from reaching the exact spot , Wild took a sounding at 64 Â 11 'S , 46 Â 4 ` W , which revealed 2331 f of water .
They found no signs of land ; a lead weight dropped through the ice reached a depth of 5248 f before the line snapped , a depth which confirmed there was no land in the vicinity .
But by this place Christian went without much danger , whereat I somewhat wondered ; but I have learned since , that Pagan has been dead many a day ; and as for the other , though he be yet alive , he is by reason of age , and also of the many shrewd brushes that he met with in his younger dayes , grown so crazy and stiff in his joynts , that he can now do little more than sit in his Caves mouth , grinning at Pilgrims as they go by , and biting his nails , because he can not come at them .
Cytokines signal to other immune cells that there is a foreign antigen present . Other T cells , called cytotoxic T cells , produce toxic granules which cause the death of infected cells .
They can be digested by hydrolysis , catalyzed by enzymes called amylases .
Certain animals can digest cellulose , because bacteria possessing the enzyme are present in their gut .
He had been addicted to heroin after being prescribed morphine for his asthma and bronchitis many years earlier .
Francium is very radioactive .
Mayflies are unique in that they moult one more time after getting functional wings -LRB- this is also known as the alate stage -RRB- . This second-to-last winged stage is usually very short , a matter of hours .
Elettaria cardamomum -LRB- the usual type of cardamom -RRB- is used as a spice and in medicine ; it is also smoked sometimes ; it is used as a food plant by the larva of the moth Endoclita hosei .
Lactic acid acts on the protein in the milk to make yoghurt thick and sour .
Yoghurt has a lot of protein , calcium , riboflavin , vitamin B6 and vitamin B12 in it .
Common autoimmune diseases include Hashimoto 's thyroiditis , rheumatoid arthritis , diabetes mellitus type 1 , and lupus erythematosus .
Particularly important was the work of Paul Ehrlich -LRB- 1854-1915 -RRB- , who proposed the side-chain theory to explain the specificity of the antigen-antibody reaction ; his contributions to the understanding of humoral immunity were recognized by the award of a Nobel Prize in 1908 , which was jointly awarded to the founder of cellular immunology , Ilya Mechnikov -LRB- 1845-1916 -RRB- .
Immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic -LRB- inherited -RRB- disease , or an infection , such as the acquired immune deficiency syndrome -LRB- AIDS -RRB- , that is caused by the retrovirus HIV , or other causes .
The radius is one of the two bones which make up the lower forearm in tetrapods . The other one is the ulna .
Fighters wore leather straps -LRB- called himantes -RRB- over their hands , wrists , and sometimes chest , to protect themselves from injury . The straps also left the fingers free .
Gollum bites off Frodo 's finger with the Ring .
The members are : Mark Osegueda -LRB- vocals -RRB- Rob Cavestany -LRB- guitar , vocals -RRB- , Ted Aguilar -LRB- guitar -RRB- , Andy Galeon -LRB- drums -RRB- , Dennis Pepa -LRB- bass , vocals -RRB-
Holly Marie Combs -LRB- born December 3 , 1973 in San Diego , California -RRB- is an American actress most well known for working on the television series Charmed . Before Charmed , she work in the tv series Picket Fences .
Smashers use this ability to attack snails , crabs , molluscs and rock oysters ; their blunt clubs enabling them to crack the shells of their prey into pieces .
The eyes of mantis shrimp may recognize different types of coral , prey species -LRB- which are often transparent or semi-transparent -RRB- , or predators , such as barracuda , which have shimmering scales .
It is used as an additive in gasoline , plastics , synthetic rubber , dyes and it is an industrial solvent , which means it can dissolve many other chemical molecules .
Although the Ediacaran period does contain soft-bodied fossils -LRB- the Ediacaran biota -RRB- , its start is defined at the base of a carbonate layer , referred to as a `` cap carbonate '' . This caps glacial deposits and shows a sudden climatic change at the end of the Marinoan ice age .
Because of this , lithium must be stored in petroleum jelly .
Lithium ion batteries also have lithium in them , though not as an element .
It only is in the form of lithium compounds . The ocean has a large amount of lithium in it .
The Cave of Hearths in South Africa has burned deposits dated from 0.2 to 0.7 Ma BP , as do many other places such as Montagu Cave -LRB- 0.058 to 0.2 Ma BP -RRB- and at the Klasies River Mouth -LRB- 0.12 to 0.13 Ma BP -RRB- .
Tendons are similar to ligaments except that ligaments join one bone to another .
Megabats eat fruit , nectar or pollen .
Back in Canada , she married screenwriter\/director\/producer Paul Almond in 1967 , and starred in three of his films ; Isabel -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , The Act of the Heart -LRB- 1970 -RRB- and Journey -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , winning the Canadian Film Award for best actress for the first two .
Proteobacteria include a wide variety of pathogens , such as Escherichia coli , Salmonella , Vibrio , Helicobacter , and many other notable genera .
The first emotions of Galerius were those of surprise , disappointment , and rage ; and , as he could seldom restrain his passions , he threatened to burn both the letter and the messenger .
When its reaches 100 million K , helium begins to fuse into carbon and oxygen .
Caecilians are the only order of amphibians which only use internal insemination .
Polyurethanes are widely used in high resiliency flexible foam seating , rigid foam insulation panels , microcellular foam seals and gaskets , durable elastomeric wheels and tires , automotive suspension bushings , electrical potting compounds , high performance adhesives and sealants , Spandex fibers , seals , gaskets , carpet underlay , and hard plastic parts .
The term Opiate is sometimes used as a synonym .
The seed is also used in various alternative healing systems like Ayurveda , Unani and Chinese medicine for digestive ailments .
Subclinical riboflavin deficiency also happens more easily in women taking the contraceptive pill . It also may happen when people get old , or can not eat properly , or who have sicknesses such as AIDS , inflammatory bowel disease , diabetes and chronic heart disease .
Insects land on the leaf , are caught by the surface tension of the water , and suffocate .
Latent autoimmune diabetes of adults -LRB- LADA -RRB- is extremely similar to both Type 1 diabetes and Type 2 diabetes : although the disease is autoimmune , insulin resistance accompanies the disease as it does Type 2 diabetes .
A chemical compound is a chemical made by joining together atoms of different chemical elements .
Frostbite is the localized medical condition where very cold temperatures damage skin and other tissue .
The G-spot , if stimulated , leads to a strong orgasm or female ejaculation .
On admission into the Order of Merit , members can use the post-nominal letters OM , and have the badge of the order , consisting of a golden crown from which is suspended a red enamelled cross , itself centred by a disk of blue enamel , surrounded by a gold laurel wreath , and bearing in gold lettering the words FOR MERIT ; the insignia for the military grouping has a pair of crossed swords behind the central disk .
According to some , a quickie between a heterosexual couple generally satisfies only the man 's desire . Others claim that quickies -LRB- with intercourse or some other form of stimulation of the vulva -RRB- can be `` a major turn-on '' for a woman , too , but still may not give a woman enough time to lubricate naturally , and so require the use of a water-based lubricant .
It comes with a special sauce called au jus which is usually made with the juice and fat that came off the roast beef when they were cooking it .
Hemorrhoid or hemorrhoids are vascular structures in the anal canal which help with stool control .
When the Black Death -LRB- bubonic plague -RRB- reached Al Andalus in the 14th century , Ibn Khatima hypothesized that infectious diseases are caused by `` minute bodies '' which enter the human body and cause disease .
Another Andalusian-Arabian physician , Ibn al-Khatib -LRB- 1313 â `` 1374 -RRB- in his treatise On the Plague stated how infectious disease can be transmitted through bodily contact and `` through garments , vessels and earrings .
Sigmund Freud had an important Russian person -LRB- Sergei Pankejeff -RRB- with him in the past , who would have been classified as having the disorder in modern times . Freud named him `` The Wolf Man '' , to protect Pankejeff 's identity .
Clank fixes Ratchet 's ship , so that Ratchet will help him .
Ribulose-1 ,5 - bisphosphate carboxylase oxygenase , better known as RuBisCO , is an enzyme that catalyzes the first major step of carbon fixation in the Calvin cycle . Carbon fixation is a process by which the atoms of atmospheric carbon dioxide are made available to organisms in the form of energy-rich molecules such as glucose .
It is a symptom usually from the common cold and coughs , but can also be found in people with infections of the adenoids , middle ear , sinus or tonsils .
Chloroplasts have their own genome , which is much smaller than that of free-living cyanobacteria . The DNA which remains shows clear similarities with the cyanobacterial genome .
A signal transduction in biology , is a cellular mechanism .
His skin becomes pure , solid white with purple sections on his head , shoulders , forearms , chest and shins .
White chocolate is made of cocoa butter , milk , and sugar .
Arch Coal was formed in July 1997 when the privately held Arch Mineral merged with the publicly traded Ashland Coal , Inc. , which had been formed in 1975 as a subsidiary of Ashland Oil .
Cosworth is best known in Europe for its relationship with Ford . Cosworth is in the vehicle name on the high performance Ford Sierra RS Cosworth and Ford Escort RS Cosworth .
It slow weakening began on August 2 as it entered cooler waters , and it officially dissipated on August 6 , though like many Pacific hurricanes , a remnant circulation could be tracked westward for several days afterward .
It has a strong taste , and an unusual texture . It is thixotropic , being a jelly until stirred , when it becomes a syrup -LRB- like other honey -RRB- , but then sets again to a jelly .
They had five children together : Virginia -LRB- Gigi -RRB- Graham Foreman ; Anne Graham Lotz ; Ruth Dienert ; Franklin Graham , and Ned Graham .
In 1933 , Graham 's father forced Graham and his sister Catherine to drink beer until they vomited .
Another type of chromium -LRB- Cr6 + -LRB- chromate , hexavalent chromium -RRB- , in the +6 oxidation state -RRB- can cause cancer or make people sick , even though most people do not get exposed to it much . Hexavalent chromium was important in the movie Erin Brockovich .
They also give an insight into the politics and culture of ancient Greece during the 4th century BC .
Plants grown in sterile soils and growth media often perform poorly without the addition of spores or hyphae of mycorrhizal fungi to colonise the plant roots and aid in the uptake of soil mineral nutrients .
Modern kites are made from synthetic materials , such as ripstop nylon or more exotic fabrics on the sails . They have fiberglass or carbon fiber poles , and use dacron or dyneema for the kite lines .
Before 1508 he had painted a few altar-pieces for the Castle Church at Wittenberg . Albrecht DÃ 1\/4 rer , Hans Burgkmair and others also worked there .
During Halo 2 the Covenant discovered Earth .
A mood disorder or affective disorder is a type of mental illness where the main problem is the person 's mood .
He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2009 for his discoveries of how chromosomes are protected by telomeres which he shared with Elizabeth Blackburn and Carol W. Greider .
The most popular use of polyester , is polyester suits .
The blood of a cuttlefish is an unusual shade of green-blue because it uses the copper-containing protein hemocyanin to carry oxygen instead of the red iron-containing protein hemoglobin that is found in mammals .
Eating vitamin C prevents scurvy .
In other words , a single fertilized egg cell â `` the zygote â `` changes into the many cell types including neurons , muscle cells , epithelium , blood vessels etc. as it continues to divide .
During morphogenesis , generalised stem cells become the cell lines of the embryo which in turn become fully differentiated cells .
Lyme disease or borreliosis , is an infectious disease .
Bubonic plague is the best-known form of the disease plague , which is caused by the bacterium Yersinia pestis . The name bubonic plague is specific for this form of the disease , which enters through the skin , and travels through the lymphatic system .
In the early 1950s , Monroe and Gregg Palmer both unsuccessfully auditioned for roles as Daisy Mae and Abner in a proposed Li ' l Abner television series based on the Al Capp comic strip , but the show was never made .
In addition to Monroe 's problems , Montgomery Clift was often unable to perform due to illness . By the final day of shooting , Thelma Ritter was in hospital because of exhaustion .
She saw a possibility in 20th Century Fox 's upcoming film , The Egyptian , but was stopped by Darryl F. Zanuck who refused to screen test her .
Passive stretching of the muscles is also painful , and trismus , which is similar to tetanus , is common .
In those flowers in which the floral tube is fused with the ovary , the sepals , petals , and stamens appear to grow out from the top of the ovary , and the flower is said to be epigynous and have an inferior ovary .
The women had been bound and gagged and then tossed into the bay with concrete blocks tied to their necks while still alive .
Hepatitis C is a disease caused by a virus in a human blood called the Hepatitis C virus . HCV or `` Hep C '' are shorter names for this disease .
When a person gets a Hepatitis C infection , they can get damage to their liver called hepatitis .
A VIPoma -LRB- Pronounced `` V I P oma '' -RRB- -LRB- also called Verner Morrison syndrome after the doctors who first noticed it -RRB- , is a tumor that does not happen a lot -LRB- 1 per 10,000,000 per year -RRB- in the pancreas . VIPoma makes something called vasoactive intestinal peptide , or VIP .
In mammalian cells about two metres of linear DNA have to be packed into a nucleus of roughly 10 Â m diameter .
The foreskin is a fold of skin that covers the glans penis . The foreskin protects the glans penis when the penis is not erect .
Another medicine must be given with chloroquine for P. vivax and P. ovale .
It was believed , but had not been proven , that she suffered from a rare heart condition called long QT Syndrome .
Red Bull contains taurine , glucuronolactone , caffeine , B vitamins , sucrose and glucose .
There are 2 main types of Lung cancer , small cell lung cancer and non-small cell lung cancer .
Lung cancer is the malignant change and growth of lung tissue .
The Colossal Squid is bigger than a giant squid .
He became famous in the 1970s for playing Jodie Dallas on the ABC dramedy , Soap , and became a Hollywood film star during the late 1980s and the 1990s , appearing in the box office successes When Harry Met Sally ... and City Slickers .
Many other herbs may be used as well , such as hyssop , melissa , star anise , petite wormwood -LRB- Artemisia pontica or Roman wormwood -RRB- , angelica root , Sweet Flag , dittany leaves , coriander , veronica , juniper , nutmeg , and various mountain herbs .
For example , a sample of water has the same properties and the same ratio of hydrogen to oxygen whether the sample came from a river or was made in a laboratory .
Auschwitz II and the remains of the gas chambers are also part of the museum .
After days of starvation , Bobby Jon brought a giant clam for his tribe ; hoping that it would help them win the next Immunity Challenge .
In a twist that would used in later seasons , the first player to lose the individual immunity challenge had to spend the night alone on a separate island .
With the others -LRB- including Stephenie -RRB- jumping off for different food items , Tom was the last man standing and won Immunity .
He was famous for his work on smallpox and the myxoma virus .
Toes are the digits of the foot of an animal .
Public school buildings acted as shelters , and were for refuge only , meaning they did not provide food , cots , blankets , medications or other comfort items .
Some fungi , though , can use tellurium instead of selenium or sulfur .
Coming together as an amalgamation of the Dutch group Reflex , the Danish group HÃ st and the Belgian Revolutionary Surrealist Group , the group only lasted a few years but managed to achieve a number of objectives in that time ; the periodical Cobra , a series of collaborations between various members called Peintures-Mot and two large-scale exhibitions .
Saliva is the watery substance made in the mouths of humans and some animals .
Appendicitis is a medical condition .
Hydrothermal vent communities are able to sustain such vast amounts of life because vent organisms depend on chemosynthetic bacteria for food .
A reporter asked Larry why he had done it . Walters said , `` A man ca n't just sit around . ''
He put on a parachute and used belts to hold himself in the chair . He took his pellet gun , a CB radio , sandwiches , cold beer , and a camera .
Some additives have been used for centuries , like salting fish or using vinegar to preserve vegetables -LRB- called pickling -RRB- .
Local hard disks are fast compared to other storage devices , such as remote servers , local tape drives , or optical jukeboxes .
The 24th movie in the list of Disney animated movies , the movie is about two unlikely friends , a red fox and a hound dog , who have trouble preserving their friendship because of their emerging instincts .
The movie stars the voices of Kurt Russell , Mickey Rooney , Pearl Bailey , Pat Buttram , Sandy Duncan , Richard Bakalyan , Paul Winchell , Jack Albertson , Jeanette Nolan , John Fiedler , John McIntire , Keith Mitchell , and Corey Feldman .
Rise Against released their first two records -LRB- The Unraveling , and Revolutions Per Minute -RRB- on Fat Wreck Chords , and their next two -LRB- Siren Song of the Counter Culture , and The Sufferer & the Witness -RRB- on Geffen .
Much later , he worked on the technique of homologous recombination of transgenic DNA with genomic DNA . This is the most reliable method of altering animal genomes at present , and the technique behind gene targeting and knockout mice .
The bronchi have cartilage as part of their supporting wall structure . The trachea divides to form the right and left main bronchi .
The tre cassyn also appears on the Manx Sword of State , which is popularly said to date to the time of King AmlaÃ b mac Gofraid -LRB- d. 1237 -RRB- , although recent analysis has shown it more likely dates to about the 15th century .
The Ilama is usually chilled when served , it is sometimes served with a little cream and sugar to intensify the flavor , or with a drop of lime or lemon juice to bring in a tart and bitter tinge .
On 13 September 2008 , Lee , 84 , underwent successful treatment for abnormal heart rhythm -LRB- atrial flutter -RRB- at Singapore General Hospital , but he was still able to address a philanthropy forum via video link from hospital .
A strain is a genetic variant or subtype of a microorganism , that is to say a virus or bacterium or fungus .
The Ancient Olympic Games were a series of athletic competitions held between the city-states of Ancient Greece . They used to be called the Olympic Games -LRB- ; Olympiakoi Agones -RRB- until the modern day Olympic Games started .
They have small eyes and poor sight , and hunt in the early evening and at night , using their hearing and long , sensitive whiskers to locate prey .
He died on November 13 , 2004 due to an accidental drug overdose on a lethal mixture of cocaine and the prescription drug Tramadol .
It causes disease in humans and plants and can live in symbiosis with plants and fungi . It is found in soil , water , the rhizosphere , and in many animals .
-LRB- 1 -RRB- Leaf transpiration occurs through stomata , and can be thought of as a necessary `` cost '' associated with the opening of the stomata to allow the diffusion of carbon dioxide gas from the air for photosynthesis .
The transpiration ratio is the ratio of the mass of water transpired to the mass of dry matter produced ; the transpiration ratio of crops tends to fall between 200 and 1000 -LRB- i.e. , crop plants transpire 200 to 1000 kg of water for every kg of dry matter produced -RRB- .
This is also called a Gunter 's chain , surveyor 's chain or land chain .
The most memorable of these was his victory on the Champs - Ã lysÃ es in Paris where he won by a huge margin ; almost 30m , with his own lead out man , Mark Renshaw having enough time to come in 2nd with his arms raised .
Measles is sometimes also called rubeola , but it is not the same as rubella -LRB- German measles -RRB- .
; RNA viruses : Replication usually takes place in the cytoplasm .
However , some viruses including those causing AIDS and viral hepatitis evade these immune responses and result in chronic infections .
Then a biochemical pathway , called the RISC complex , starts up . This attacks the viral mRNA , and the cell survives the infection .
Antibiotics have no effect on viruses , but several antiviral drugs have been developed .
Other things such as the length of an arm wrestler 's arm , his\/her muscle and arm mass\/density , hand grip size , wrist endurance and flexibility , reaction time , as well as countless other traits , can add to the advantages of one arm wrestler over another .
The reading dome 's original high windows were changed and covered in copper sheets in 1959 because water was getting into the building .
Orthopox : variola virus , vaccinia virus , cowpox virus , monkeypox virus , smallpox -LRB- eradicated -RRB- ; Parapox : orf virus , pseudocowpox , bovine papular stomatitis virus ; Yatapox : tanapox virus , yaba monkey tumor virus ; Molluscipox : molluscum contagiosum virus -LRB- MCV -RRB- .
The sundae is an ice cream dessert . It typically consists of a scoop of ice cream topped with sauce or syrup , and in some cases other toppings including chopped nuts , sprinkles , whipped cream , or maraschino cherries .
It is not seen on a Gram stained smear because the organism is too thin .
Guitarist Marc Moreland died of kidney and liver failure on March 13 , 2002 .
On the undercard , Drew McIntyre defended the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Kane , The Miz defended the WWE United States Championship against Montel Vontavious Porter , and Maryse and Gail Kim wrestled against Team Lay-Cool -LRB- Layla and Michelle McCool -RRB- in a tag team match .
Most baking powders are made up of an alkaline -LRB- usually baking soda -RRB- , one or two acid salts , and a starch -LRB- cornstarch or sometimes potato starch -RRB- .
To play games , there were small objects called cartridges that you put into the Game Boy to play the game in the cartridge .
Duve won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1974 for describing the structure and function of lysosomes and peroxisomes in the cell . Duve shared the Nobel prize with Albert Claude and George E. Palade .
He compared the effects of various different acidic substances , ranging from vinegar to cider , on groups of afflicted sailors , and found that the group who were given oranges and lemons had largely recovered from scurvy after 6 days .
Wind power is the conversion of the energy in wind into a more useful form of energy , like electricity .
Brown died in Warrenton , Virginia on August 15 , 2002 of lower motor neuron syndrome -- being diagnosed with Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , commonly known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease , since 1999 .
It is made by reacting selenium with a solution of sodium in liquid ammonia .
Some types of xanthan gum are made with wheat , corn or soy and could cause allergic reactions .
Coeliac disease sufferers and other people who are sensitive to gluten and other allergens may need to be careful how much xanthan gum is in their food . Some types of xanthan gum are made with wheat , corn or soy and could cause allergic reactions .
Xanthan gum also helps to keep spices and other solid bits of food evenly distributed in a liquid . Xanthan gum , guar gum and locust bean gum help to give ice cream and other frozen foods a creamy texture .
Toothpaste often contains xanthan gum to give the toothpaste a smooth texture .
During meiosis , there are two chromosome separation steps which assure that each of the four daughter cells gets one copy of each of the 23 types of chromosome .
Cell reproduction that uses mitosis can reproduce eukaryotic cells . Eukaryotes bother with the more complicated process of meiosis because sexual reproduction such as meiosis confers a selective advantage .
He and John Hayes Hammond left for Africa to bring back to the United States large animals such as Giant Eland , hippopotamus , zebra , and various bird species for breeding for future hunting .
The scars , or leaf cushions , were composed of green photosynthetic tissue , evidenced by the cuticle covering and being dotted with stomata , microscopic pores through which carbon dioxide from the air diffuses into plants .
The halogens are chemical elements under the second-to-right column in the periodic table , also known as Group 17 . The elements in the group are fluorine , chlorine , bromine , iodine , astatine , and ununseptium .
Joey Ramone -LRB- b. Jeffery Hyman -LRB- May 19 , 1951 - April 15 , 2001 -RRB- was an American punk musician and founder member of The Ramones , in which he was lead singer , along with Dee Dee , Tommey and Johnny Ramone .
The cryosphere is the part of the Earthâ s surface where water is in solid form , including sea ice , lake ice , river ice , snow cover , glaciers , ice caps and ice sheets , and frozen ground -LRB- which includes permafrost -RRB- .
There are some reducing agents -LRB- chemicals that reduce another chemical -RRB- that can be used . Methanol -LRB- an alcohol -RRB- , sulfur dioxide -LRB- a gas made by burning sulfur -RRB- , hydrochloric acid -LRB- a common acid -RRB- , or hydrogen peroxide can be used .
The specific name means `` full below the throat '' and refers to the male having an enlargement of the neck and throat during the mating season .
It causes cancer because of its high benzene content . In low concentrations , however , coal tar is used as a topical medicine .
Lip balm is often used during the winter , because the cold winter winds can dry out a person 's lips so that they are cracked and hurting -LRB- this is called having `` chapped '' lips -RRB- .
Renal medullary carcinoma is a rare form of Renal cancer that occurs most often in patients with Sickle cell trait or Sickle cell disease .
The first is the polypoid stage , when the animal takes the form of a small stalk with feeding tentacles ; this polyp may be unable to move around , living on the bottom of the ocean or it may be free-floating .
Like the land plants , green algae contain chlorophylls a and b , and store food as starch in their plastids .
Enigmatic lyricist Richey Edwards gained early notoriety by carving the words `` 4 REAL '' into his arm with a razor blade -LRB- narrowly missing an artery and requiring seventeen stitches -RRB- in response to the suggestion that the band were less than authentic .
In The Tomb of the Cybermen -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , veins were visible through the circular head of the Cyberman Controller and in Attack of the Cybermen -LRB- 1985 -RRB- and `` The Age of Steel '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , the Cyber-Controller 's brain is visible through the dome .
In their first appearance in the series , the only portions of their bodies that still seemed human were their hands , but by their next appearance in The Moonbase -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , their bodies were entirely covered up in their metal suits , with their hands replaced by two finger claws , but changed back to regular five finger hands in The Invasion -LRB- 1968 -RRB- .
They include aluminium adjuvants , squalene , squalene and phosphate adjuvants .
When the virulent version of an agent comes along the body recognizes the protein coat on the virus , and thus is prepared to respond , by -LRB- 1 -RRB- neutralizing the target agent before it can enter cells , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- by recognizing and destroying infected cells before that agent can multiply to vast numbers .
While the majority of vaccines are dead , inactivated or attenuated organisms , purified products derived from them , some vaccines are synthetic vaccines . The latter are composed mainly or wholly of synthetic peptides , carbohydrates or antigens .
Pharmaceutical firms and biotechnology companies have little incentive to develop vaccines for these diseases , because there is little revenue potential , the financial and other risks are great .
This phenomenon was first noted in the trivalent Sabin polio vaccine , where the amount of serotype 2 virus in the vaccine had to be reduced to stop it from interfering with the `` take '' of the serotype 1 and 2 viruses in the vaccine .
In the 20th century vaccines were introduced against diphtheria , measles , mumps , and rubella .
Principles that govern the immune response can now be used in tailor-made vaccines against many noninfectious human diseases , such as cancers and autoimmune disorders .
Preservatives in vaccines , such as thiomersal , phenoxyethanol , and formaldehyde , prevent serious adverse effects .
A central venous catheter -LRB- CVC -RRB- or `` central line '' is a catheter put in a large vein in the neck , chest , or groin when a patient needs close cardiovascular monitoring , for assessment of fluid status , and so that intravenous drugs and fluids can be given to the patient more effectively . The veins most commonly used are the internal jugular vein , the subclavian vein , and the femoral vein .
Indium looks like zinc .
As such , polyploids played a conservative role in evolution since problems with fertility prevented the replication of new genetic material that might lead to a new line of evolution .
Amaranth is a rose-red color that is the color of the flower of the amaranth plant .
On the hand with which he carries his stick , often called the `` stick hand , '' the goaltender wears a blocker with a large pad across the back of the forearm , usually extending just beyond the wrist .
Footprints , eggshells , teeth , and fragments of bone representing theropods , sauropods , and ornithopods have been found , but none of them are diagnostic to the genus level .
Electron transfer chains -LRB- ETC -RRB- are the cellular mechanisms used for extracting energy from sunlight in photosynthesis and also from redox reactions , such as the oxidation of sugars in cellular respiration .
The Glossy-mantled Manucode -LRB- Manucodia ater -RRB- is a medium-sized bird of paradise , around 42cm long , glossed green , blue and purple black with a red iris , black bill , long tail and somewhat elongated upper breast and neck feathers .
Boris caused heavy flooding in southern Mexico .
The traditional jersey , and traditional guernsey , are dyed a navy blue color , using a dye that does not require stripping the wool of its natural oil , rendering these sweaters surprisingly water resistant .
Some of her most performed roles include ; Susanna -LRB- Le nozze di Figaro -RRB- , Despina -LRB- Cosi fan tutte -RRB- , The Queen of the Night -LRB- The Magic Flute -RRB- , Rosina -LRB- Il barbiere di Siviglia -RRB- , Adina -LRB- L'elisir d'amore -RRB- , Norina -LRB- Don Pasquale -RRB- , Lucia -LRB- Lucia di Lammermoor -RRB- , Gilda -LRB- Rigoletto -RRB- , Oscar -LRB- Un ballo in maschera -RRB- , Nanetta -LRB- Falstaff -RRB- , Olympia -LRB- Les contes d'Hoffman -RRB- , Sophie -LRB- Der Rosenkavalier -RRB- , Zerbinetta -LRB- Ariadne auf Naxos -RRB- , etc.
Mike Epps -LRB- born 18 November 1970 -RRB- is an American actor in such movies as Next Friday and Friday After Next alongside Ice Cube and Open Season 2 and Open Season 3 .
The primitive Liphistiidae , the `` trapdoor spiders '' -LRB- family Ctenizidae -RRB- and many tarantulas are ambush predators that lurk in burrows , often closed by trapdoors and often surrounded by networks of silk threads that alert these spiders to the presence of prey .
Ant-mimicking spiders face several challenges : they generally develop slimmer abdomens and false `` waists '' to mimic the three distinct regions -LRB- tagmata -RRB- of an ant 's body ; they wave the first pair of legs in form to their heads to mimic antennae , which spiders lack , and to conceal the fact that they have eight legs rather than six . They have large color patches round one pair of eyes to disguise the fact that they generally have eight simple eyes , while ants have two compound eyes ; they cover their bodies with reflective hairs to resemble the shiny bodies of ants .
Various sensors , mostly bristles , respond to touch , from strong contact to very weak air currents .
It was believed that the living had a relationship with the dead where the dead provided everything the living needed -LRB- health , fertility of land and animals , fortune , etc. , -RRB- and the living through offerings could provide the dead with a better place in the spirit world .
The most common case is the removal of the solvent from a solution : Fruit juice concentrate will have most of the water removed .
He was also the first to record microscopic observations of muscle fibers , bacteria , spermatozoa and blood flow in small blood vessels .
Despite its name , there is no bromine in it -- theobromine comes from Theobroma , the name of the genus of the cacao tree , -LRB- which itself is made up of the Greek roots theo -LRB- `` God '' -RRB- and brosi -LRB- `` food '' -RRB- , meaning `` food of the gods '' -RRB- with the suffix - ine given to alkaloids and other basic nitrogen-containing compounds .
The carbon monoxide turns into carbon dioxide .
Mario Renato Capecchi -LRB- born 6 October 1937 -RRB- is an Italian-born American molecular geneticist . He won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Sir Martin Evans and Oliver Smithies .
Damage to marine life was moderate as the storm lowered the oxygen level in the water , threatening many fish and other marine wildlife .
Increases in newt toxicity then apply a selective pressure favoring snakes with mutations conferring even greater resistance .
Toxin resistant garter snakes are the only known animals today that can eat a T. granulosa newt and survive .
Some newer drugs such as selegiline and moclobemide have proven to be safer than the older MAOIs and are prescribed by physicians in the first instance .
People can get infected if they inhale endospores or touch the milk , urine , feces , vaginal mucus , or semen of infected animals .
Some of the most common include breast cancer , brain cancer , leukemia , testicular cancer , mesothelioma , and lung cancer .
He stated that the removal should be radical and that all diseased tissue should be removed . This included the use of amputation or the removal of veins running in the direction of the tumor .
Alkaloids are made by a large variety of organisms , such as bacteria , fungi , plants , and animals and are part of the group of natural products -LRB- also called secondary metabolites -RRB- .
A man who often has problems having or keeping an erection of his penis is said to have erectile dysfunction . Erectile dysfunction is also known as ED , impotence or male impotence .
Fabian , the sixth named storm , fourth hurricane , and first major hurricane of the season . Fabian caused $ 300 million in damage and 8 deaths .
